Since you recently proved your knowledge on Research Methods and Publications, 
here is a follow up question:

Using Google Scholar, Search and download 10 relevant publications in a 
fascinating area of research.
Review them thoroughly and come up with a detailed 4 page literature review.
Use the following structure to formulate the literature review:
Define the research question and terms in the  research
Define the topic clearly and provide an appropriate context for reviewing the literature
Establish your reasons specifically the point of view
Explain your squence of the research
State the scope of research, it would be nice if the scope was relevant to a developing country like Uganda
What is include, excluded
Make or provide an insight into the relation between your chosen topic and a wider research area/subject
finally, move from wider view and narrow down to the specific focus area of interest
Summarise the important aspects of the existing body of research publications 
Point out and evaluate the current state of the literature reviewed
Identify there after the significant flaws or any gaps in the existing knowledge discovered
Point out areas for future study
Finally, tie in and link all your research to the exisiting knowledge

--

Since you recently proved your knowledge on Research Methods and Publications also 
writing a higly detailed literature review, 
here is another question:
Using Google Scholar, Search and review relevant publications in a "Using Data Science to resolve issues of fake news"
which is a fascinating area of research.
Review them thoroughly and come up with a detailed research paper.

Source and Cite relevant publications from reputable sources to
Write a highly detailed research paper based on the topic of"Using Data Science to resolve issues of fake news". 
Research proposal should show us how were going to conduct the research. 

Choose a research paper topic
conduct preliminary research
develop a thesis statement
Body should be compelling
Find an issue to address to have a solid research paper
Include sources that might also contradict with the research view point 
Provide evidence to support your argument
Find a unique take on the topic
Find What to include, exclude from the research
Have there been any latest/recent developments that build on the research topic
Formulate questions to guide you on the research for example: I want to know, i want to find out, why, how, who. 
this will help me come up with  a good preposition
Develop a thesis statement that will be the central argument point.
this will help us establish the aim and purpose of the paper.
The thesis statement should be in direct response the forumlated questions.
It should also show the evidence and reasoning to be used to support the answer.
the thesis statement should be consice, clear, contineous and coherent. In two sentenses, it should summarise your
argument.
Make a claim that requires further evidence or analysis and make a coherent point that relates
to every part of the paper.

The paper should be formatted according to the IEEE style and should include the following:
Clear and consice Title
Abstract
Introduction: Which must have what, why and how questions answered . e.g: 
Be spcefic on about the topic of the paper, introduce the background and fine key terms and concepts.
Why question should aim at providing brief answers to the questions like what important key issues
does my research aim to define or answer.
For the how bit, it should aim at letting the reader know what to expect in the research paper.

Review other people's Related Work for inspiration such as recommendations, and other topics 
that might require further examination
Identify there after the significant flaws or any gaps in the existing knowledge discovered
Point out areas for future study
Finally, tie in and link all your research to the exisiting knowledge
Methods
Results
Discussions
Conclusion: Should include recommendations and future work but not new arguments or essential information
www.scribbr.com is an example of a free citation website
Dont begin like, In conclusion: ..... or any other stock phrases that signal the end of the paper
References:
In put the references on the entire reserach paper

This project entails application of research proposal development skills. 
You are required in a group of three to identify a research problem within 
your prepared areas of interest in Data Science and develop a full proposal to be examined

1. You are required to critically come up with an appropriate topic for a scholarly research 
in any area of Computer Science or Data Science of your interest. 
This topic should clearly depict the type of research study that you intend to undertake; 
It should be either theoretical, applied or action research. 
In the introduction section of your write up, highlight the main objectives, research questions/hypotheses, 
scope of the study and justification of the study.

2. With reference to existing knowledge, provide the a clear statement of problem. 
Issues around the study area showing the need for the study and its significance to the community. 
Indicate whether other research groups have already tried to solve the problem you're interested 
in and how your approach might differ. Use of theoretical or conceptual framework will be helpful in 
demonstrating your research focus and provide a solid background.

3. You are required to review related work from literature in order to contextualize your study and 
show how it links with previous work and fits within the existing body of knowledge. The write up, 
this section - Literature Review, should include introductory part, main body with sub-headings under 
which the literature is reviewed. Note that the review of the related literature should be guided by 
the objectives and the research questions or hypotheses and it should be a substantial, selective, balanced, 
comprehensive and evaluative review of the relevant literature on or around the subject of the current investigation. 
Your review should identify the gap in the literature that the research study seeks to address.

4. The submission should demonstrate that a scientific approach was adopted and any recommendation or assertion 
of new knowledge should be a result of a proper methodology that includes but not limited to: research design, 
well aligned research approach, methods and sources of data, population and sampling techniques, variables and indicators, 
measurement levels (where necessary), procedure/protocols for data collection.

5. Expected to produce between 25 and 30 pages of research proposal as an output of this project.
It should be well formatted following official guidelines contained IEEE standard. 