Using clear and consise examples preferably in Uganda and Africa, exact bible verses,
Discuss how the following perspectives have contributed to the understanding of Christian Ethics
a. African tradition (Use Ugandan and other African Traditions)
b. Classical Western tradition
c. Bible (Quote exact bible verses)


Here are some of my notes
Apa
Doctor prefers PDF files as submision
Strict on the formatting for example font styles
Use Plagiarism checker to see level of plagiarism in your work
Breakdown first serious points before writing other points
Quote the actual Bible version eg King James Bible
Dont use complicated english

As you explain your question, approach should be 
1. Introduce the point 
2. Explain it 
3. Quote a verse with some explanation as well as the bible version used
4. Ensure you have a conclusion at the end of each questiona answered

Defn of xtian ethics
Put one or two scholars
Sources of xtian ethics
Bible
African tradition
Uniqueness of xtian ethics
Besides xtian ethics
Post mordern theory
Identify challenges it creates for xtian ethics
How does it affect our morals
Are there solutions
Catch up with what is happening in the community 
Philosophical approaches to descisoon making 4 or more
Trianisim - means to and end
Brief defn and what they are
How do they shape people’s ethical descisoons
Discusion on ethanasia
Reasons against, for
Understanding your persoective about any of them
Xtian ethical perspective on marriage
Ethical development messgae on marriage
Pluralism



Ethics exam
Apa
Pdf for Doctor
Strict on the formatting
Plagiarism checker
Serious thirst 3 points
Points should be chronological
Quote the actual bible eg king James bible

As you explain your question, approach should be 
1. Introduce the point 
2. Explain it 
3. Quote a verse with some explanation as well as the bible version used
4. Ensure you have a conclusion at the end of each questiona answered


reasons of abortion
-incest
-rape
-fear of responsibility
-peer presure
-education
-family shame
-timing
-religion, children out of marriage
-career growth
-countries limit children
-cultural reasons, first borns must be male
-ladies want to maintain body shape
-looking for a particular gender of baby
-being free to do what you want
-legalised abortions
-traveling, some travel limits travel for pregnant people
-economic hardships
-divorce
-fear of breaking a marriage, adultery
-notice that the child is under developed
-defilement
-ecitopic pregnancy mother's life is at risk
-twins some. cultures



Week 1. The Nature and methods of Christian Ethics
Week 2. Foundations of Christian Ethics: African Tradition and the Bible
Week 4. The Contexts of Christian Ethics: Modernity and Post-modernity
Week 5. Philosophic approaches to Ethical Decision-making
Week 6. Ethical Issues I: Life Threatening issues, Euthanasia, Capital Punishment, Ecology, etc.   
Week 7. Ethical Issues II: Mariage, Sex, and family; bio-ethics  
Week 8. Pluralism and Models of Christian Influence: Church and State relations


God establishes marriage as a heterosexual monogamous marriage – an exclusive relationship between one man and one woman
2. The purpose of marriage is primarily mutual help and guidance (Eph 5:23-25), physical and spiritual fulfilment and the prevention of immorality (1 Chr 7:1-7).
3. Man and woman were created in the image of God. This image of God founds the human dignity of human beings
4. The creation in the image of God founds the basic equality between man and woman.
However, equality does not do away with the functional differentiation between men and women. God created male and female equally with only a functional differentiation in the sense that they have different obligations


Not too many writings
Summaries
Dont plague 